*Please read this Terms of Service agreement carefully before accessing or using
GitFund. And feel free to email us at team@gitfund.io if you have any
questions or complaints.*

GitFund is a crowdfunding platform for open source projects. It is operated by
Espians LLP (hereinafter referred to as **"Espians"**, **"we"**, **"us"**, or
**"our"**), a company incorporated in England and Wales.

### Scope

These Terms of Service applies to [gitfund.io](https://gitfund.io), any APIs,
communications and services we offer relating to GitFund (collectively referred
to as **"GitFund"**).

These Terms of Service do not apply to any website, product or service of any
third party, or other websites/platforms operated by Espians.

### Agreement

These Terms of Service constitute a legal document between you, as the user of
GitFund, and Espians, as the owner of GitFund. Throughout these Terms of Service
references to **you**/**your** are to you as the user of GitFund.

By using GitFund, you are accepting the conditions as defined in these Terms of
Service. If you do not agree:

* Please close any accounts you may have on GitFund,

* Delete this site and any associated cookies from your browser,

* And do not visit or use GitFund again.

Any continued use of GitFund will signify your acceptance of these Terms of
Service.

### Privacy

The use of GitFund is subject to our current [Privacy Policy], which is located
at https://gitfund.io/site/privacy and is incorporated into these Terms of
Service.

### Disclaimers

You use GitFund at your own risk.

GitFund is provided "as is" and on an "as available" basis, and we give no
warranty that it will be free of defects and/or faults.

We make no warranty or representation (express or implied) that GitFund will
meet your requirements, that it will be of satisfactory quality, that it will be
fit for a particular purpose, that it will not infringe the rights of third
parties, that it will be compatible with all systems, that it will be secure or
that all information provided will be accurate.

We accept no liability for any direct or indirect loss or damage, foreseeable or
otherwise, including any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages
arising from your use of GitFund or any information contained in it, to the
maximum extent permitted by law.

We accept no liability for any disruption or non-availability of GitFund
resulting from external causes including, but not limited to, communications
network failure, power failure, host equipment failure, ISP (internet service
provider) equipment failure, natural events, acts of war, or legal restrictions
and censorship.

Nothing in these Terms of Service excludes or limits the liability of Espians
and its members, employees, agents, partners or suppliers for:

1. death or personal injury caused by negligence;

2. fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;

3. any breach of the obligations implied by section 2 of the Supply of Goods and
   Services Act 1982; or

4. any other matter in respect of which it is not permissible by law to exclude
   or limit liability.

### Termination or Suspension of Service

We may terminate your access to all or any part of GitFund at any time, with or
without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately, which may result
in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with any
account(s) you may have on GitFund.

We may change, suspend, or discontinue GitFund (including without limitation,
the availability of any feature, database, or content) at any time by posting a
notice on the GitFund website.

We may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your
access to parts or all of GitFund without notice or liability. However, these
provisions do not limit your statutory rights.

All provisions of the Terms of Service which by their nature should survive
termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership
provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

### Entire Agreement and Severability

These Terms of Service are the entire agreement between you and Espians with
respect to GitFund, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications
and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and Espians with
respect to GitFund.

If any provision of the Terms of Service is found to be unenforceable or
invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent
necessary so that the Terms of Service will otherwise remain in full force and
effect and enforceable.

### Assignment

These Terms of Service are personal to you, and are not assignable, transferable
or sub-licensable by you except with our prior written consent.

Espians may assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights and obligations
hereunder without consent, unless such action is prohibited by applicable law.

No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is created as
a result of these Terms of Service and neither party has any authority of any
kind to bind the other in any respect.

### No Waiver

If we fail to insist that you perform any of your obligations under these Terms
of Service, or if we do not enforce our rights against you, or if we delay in
doing so, that will not mean that we have waived our rights against you and will
not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations.

If we do waive a default by you, we will only do so in writing, and that will
not mean that we will automatically waive any later default by you.

### Governing Law / Jurisdiction

These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of England and Wales.

In addition you and we each agree that the courts of England and Wales will have
exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, these Terms
of Service.

### Changes to these Terms

We may change these Terms of Service at any time and without prior notice, at
our sole discretion. It is your responsibility to check the Terms of Service
periodically for any such changes.

Your continued use of GitFund after any change in these Terms of Service will
constitute your acceptance of such change.

*This document was [last updated][revisions] on 2017-05-02.*

[Privacy Policy]: /site/privacy
[revisions]: https://github.com/tav/gitfund/commits/master/mvp/app/page/terms.md
